we thought we'd found the limits of
viewer interest when he posted our tour
of a screw factory last year as poor
Freight it was more of a screw shop than
a screw factory then we toured a
cardboard box Factory and that too got
great viewer interest now we're touring
a metal supplier that makes the sheet
metal's it used by case manufacturers to
build their enclosures we've toured a
lot of case manufacturing facilities in
the past some of them are highly
automated like cooler masters seemingly
endless lines of fully automated robotic
arms that move punch and rotate panels
and some of them are more manually
intensive Lian Lee's Taiwan based
factory fits in the middle it's got a
mix of machinery and manual work from
long term machinists with finely tuned
skillsets today we'll be talking about
how the metals are made and processed
for case factories with a unique view of
Lian Lee's processes start to finish
before that this video is brought to you
by the new be quiet straight power 11
platinum power supply series available
from 550 watts to 1200 watts the new
straight power 11 is Platinum certified
operating more efficiently than before
reducing the heat and lowering noise
levels as a result the be quiet street
power 11 platinum is up to 94.1 percent
efficient and meets the new low power
standards of just 0.16 watts when in
standby learn more about this high-end
noise focused power supply at the link
in the description below before we start
a quick reminder that we have an entire
factory tour playlist where you can see
over a dozen different factories for
computer hardware and the related supply
chain factories that's linked in the
description below if you want to catch
up on it we previously toured the
Emily's Factory in 2018 and will link
that below if you want additional
manufacturing towards from this facility
for this one though we're showing some
new stuff from the raw materials Factory
and the processing of those materials
into case panels by Lee Ann Lee the
machines will show in this tour include
4,000 watt laser cutters surface
grinding and smoothing machines
NCT punch press machines bending
machines metal cutting equipment and
cranes that carry 20 tons of metal
around the one thing that all of the
case factory is big and small have in
common is that they don't actually make
the metal like anything else companies
like Coolermaster and Lian Li two
opposite ends of the spectrum require
supply of
metal and their metal suppliers yet
require a supply of reels of metal which
at some level ultimately goes back to a
foundry we'll get there eventually but
in today's factory tour we'll be talking
about how PC case metal supplies are
made and delivered to the factories that
make the enclosures you all know in
order for everything to remain
economical volume has to be high for
every link in the chain and that's best
maintained by getting a metal supplier
to feed all kinds of factories it could
be cars computer cases or air
conditioning and inducting companies but
piling together all the customers is
what drives down the cost for everybody
well first arrive at the each one UN
steel factory where the Emily soars is
its metal for panel manufacturing 20n
makes SCCC steel aluminum stainless
steel and other sheet metal suspect for
its customers which not only include
obviously Lian Li but also storage and
transportation companies R&D companies
mechatronic companies and even other
factories the factory makes hot rolled
steel coils and sheets cold rolled steel
sheets coated steel coils and aluminum
in coils or sheets its materials include
automobile high tension steel structural
steel coil and sheets commercial steel
sheets galvanized steel aluminum and
Colour steel coils and more the steel
factory is located in shita Taiwan
located about 20 minutes northeast of
Taipei or at least the central area and
it's between Kylan and Taipei the
factory is a third party that liyan Lee
buys its metals from so this isn't a
facility that Lee and Lee owns but
that's normal Lee and Lee helped us
confirm some information with the
factory that we suspected might have
been true it's busier than ever and
that's because a lot of the restricted
supply coming out of China has
experienced slowdowns and limitations
due to a return to work force that's
less than typical as we said before in
other videos the reasoning for increased
business for some factories in Taiwan is
because of something that starts with a
c and rhymes with demonetised but you
get the idea the particular metals
factory we went to here it takes pride
in quality over quantity
boasting higher quality metals then it
says it's
competitors in Russia or Korea most
commonly would provide of course any
factory would say that it has the
highest quality but this really seemed
to be a sticking point for this one when
asked why we were told that it has to do
with the metal purities and the
ductility of a metals that are sold here
the start of this process involves
delivery of metal a process we didn't
capture since it's on a fixed schedule
but trucks bring giant metal reels to
the factory each way in a staggering 6
to 20 metric tonnes the factory
processes 300 vetrix tons of metal per
day between us twenty four primary
machines from what the factory described
to us the Taiwanese government helps
regulate the pricing of raw materials by
either selling the metal directly to the
factory or by authorizing a third-party
vendor to do so given that these reels
can weigh up to 44,000 pounds or 20,000
kilograms
some special equipment is required to
move them around large ceiling-mounted
claws feel like a macrocosm to Taiwan's
ever-popular claw games except with a
greater chance of a payout the
ceiling-mounted claws suspended high
above the floor between beams that are
about three meters apart each a hook on
the end of the chain carries a remotely
operated orange clamp that grabs the
metal reels all controlled by an on the
ground operator who follows the claw
around with a remote control the
operators have to remain close to the
crane for multiple reasons mostly
related to safety and each crane
operator must be individually certified
in order to drive it the crane can
handle up to 25 metric tonnes and the
factory has a total of 33 cranes in
operation the claws place metal reels
into a carrier mounted on the floor at
which point a sunken carrier emerges
from below the floor level to pick up
the reel and carry it to a spindle for
the first machine an operator brings the
reel over to a padded spindle and
hammers the straps off of the coil
following which an arm lowers its wheel
onto the top of the coil from the
machine at this point the coil can be
fed into the leveler the operator
physically looks at the reel for any
obvious defects on the outer wall since
this is the section that was exposed
during transit and so it's the most
likely to have damaged the inner wall
should all be fine
after this point the operator can start
the leveling machine
the process is mostly automated from
here until the reel runs out this
leveling machine uses what is
functionally a massive hammer and that'd
be the size of the entire sheet just to
flatten out the metal it then uses a
blade to cut the metal to size and
pushes forward each cut sheet once done
the sizes programs for each customer so
lien Lee's sheets will be programmed
based on what's being made at its own
factory and that programming will also
change based on the machines that Lee
Ann Lee is using so it's not just about
the product that's being made and how
big the sheet might need to be for a
panel but also about how much excess
they want of the metal sheet so that
they have room for error or cutting
tolerances with their own equipment the
first and last cuts are inspected by the
operator for quality and any rejects are
ejected off the back side of the machine
onto a cart that will later dump the bad
pieces into a bin any bad metal found in
this process is thrown into a container
that's later sold in bulk to a different
company this reduces waste which is
something we're told the Taiwanese
government has become very serious about
but it also adds another revenue stream
since other factories can make use of
metal with blemishes on it that might
not be acceptable for a customer like
Lee Ann Lee but could be fine for
something that's more industrial
anything that's unusable completely will
be melted down by that buyers foundry if
it's a material that hasn't been
contaminated the good sheets of metal
are pushed by the blade and sent down a
conveyor belt to a collecting bin where
100 of them at a time will stack up
within their packing materials namely an
unbuilt cardboard box and some plastic
wrap once 100 sheets stack up regardless
of the size of the cut
they'll be extracted by a forklift we
didn't get to see the forklift in action
but they're pretty standard transport
vehicles and you've likely seen one
before the ones used by this factory
carry anywhere from 2 metric tons to 10
metric tons
the forklift stacks them on the factory
floor near the exits with each pile 1.8
metres high and eventually those are
loaded onto a truck each of these
leveler lines is about 45 metres long
and was built in place when installed
they're capable of cutting metals up to
13 millimeters thick
although case manufacturers rarely go
above 2 to 4 millimeter
panelling and even that isn't that
common steel paneling is typically
closer to 1 millimeter also in this
building a mini leveler is used to cut
smaller panels on an as-needed basis
these would be used for mini ITX cases
for instance or just for customers
outside of the computer hardware
industry the coils are initially cut at
the large leveler that we already saw
and then they're brought over it's this
smaller one to be cut across the other
axis and to meet the spec for the
customer an operator sits on either side
with one on the reject side and they're
responsible for a QC and sorting of good
and bad sheets and the other on the
accept side where they load them into
the machine the mini leveler can cut up
to three millimeter thick metals and up
to four feet wide for the metals we
didn't get an opportunity to see the
metals testing area due to NDA's in
place with the customers but the factory
also performs hardness testing and
materials testing Ericsson surface
testing and salt spray testing we do
happen that footage of a salt spray
tester from another facility that be
from cooler masters a IO Factory which
we recently talked about in our
animatics ELC coverage as well and it's
the same idea as they're the ones at the
AI o or CLC factories are used to test
corrosion of metals and durability and
longevity in a an aged simulated
environment just at a much smaller scale
than what this factory would be doing
finally all of the stacks sheets are
loaded onto a shuttle truck and between
all of these operations this factory
again goes through about 300 tons of
metal per day through about twenty four
major machines and that doesn't count
all the transport vehicles transport
equipment and the cranes the metal is
next brought over to Lee Emily's case
panel Factory a couple of cities over
where it processes the metal into actual
panels for the cases for the Emily's
Factory we'll start with how the metal
supply is used at the local facility we
should also note that Lee and Lee has
factories that works within both China
and Taiwan as Lee Ann Lee splits
manufacturing between them based on a
few requirements networking equipment
that Lee Ann Lee might om for routers or
switch suppliers for instance is often
made in Taiwan as the networking
companies update their gear so often
every six months to a year so that
manufacturing the case has near where
management lives reduces the time and
the way
spent on sampling periods solve a
higher-end parts that are more
mission-critical are also kept solely in
Taiwan where the company has some of its
best trained long-term employees this is
pretty standard for the industry
especially for companies that are
headquartered in Taiwan when we tour
gigabytes SMT lines and motherboard
factory last year we learned that the
company keeps some of its highest end or
most mission-critical parts at the
nanping Road Factory locally where
management can keep a closer eye on
what's going on and where staff have
more years of experience to recap the
case factory and where it's metal supply
is eventually used we revisited Lian
Lee's factories across the street from
its headquarters in Taiwan and looked
again at what we saw in 2018 with Roman
Deir Bauer this factory manufactures
panels and pieces of the chassis for
assembly elsewhere and still has to work
with multiple other factories in the
chain to source things like front panel
headers and cables screws and hardware
and manpower to actually put the
paneling together this one specifically
handles panel bending or punching laser
cutting cleaning and has a couple of
other smaller steps like an assembly
line upstairs where people will manually
package the accessories kits for the
cases that you buy from Lee and Lee
relating to today's story specifically
stacks of sheet metal stacked again 100
units high can be found at MCT machines
and at laser cutting machines which
eventually make their way down to the
bending machines or the cleaning
machines the numerical control turret
punch press is a massive piece of
equipment that's brought in in pieces
and assembled in place it's bolted to
the floor because at 400,000 USD each
some extra precautions are needed to
ensure no damages caused to the machine
to the building or to the operators next
to the NCT machine is a cabinet full of
tools with varying hole sizes Lian Li is
punch brass can cut up to 70 different
types of holes once fully loaded with
these tools with cuts pre-programmed on
the machines computer each of the tools
is used to create a different type of
cut and all of that programmed in ahead
of time a door to the punch reveals
where the tools are loaded by
technicians although the company tries
to only manufacture one panel type at a
time to keep the efficiency high this
means that they can program it
and then it's mostly automated the tools
are precision made in Japan and they
have a tolerance down to 0.02
millimeters for the cuts this machine is
significantly faster than the laser
cutter although both can do the same
thing at different efficiency or quality
levels the punch machine will always
have slight gaps at worst 0.02
millimeters wide from one punch to the
next where the metal is less even this
might show up on a CPU cooler cut out
for a motherboard tray but this is minor
and not relevant for what Leonie calls B
phase components things that are
internal where the cuts are basically
unseen the punch makes the most sense
for all of this stuff if absolutely
necessary pieces could be filed down
later but they're typically taken
straight out of the punch and sent to
bending the laser cutter meanwhile is
able to cut through material up to 16
millimeters thick and it makes clean
smooth cuts that are ideal for exterior
panels Leonie used this laser cutter in
our 2018 tour to make some of its
aluminum frames for the Borah fans
because the laser cutters precision
allows things like fine bezels and
varying Heights to easily be cut into
the material rather than making a whole
bunch of custom tooling the laser cutter
has a few downsides though and the first
is that in order to cut a small hole or
a circular shape at all the laser would
have to go about the entire
circumference of the hole rather than
punching it straight through this would
take a long time of cutting a lot of
screw holes or mesh holes for instance
so it's avoided for patterned designs or
for things like mesh where you'd rather
go to a different supplier or a
different Factory the second downside is
that the laser uses 4000 watts of power
and requires a liquid nitrogen tank big
enough that kingpin would be jealous and
although Ellen's who is relatively cheap
in Taiwan it really starts to add up
when you clean a 4000 watt device with
it after these panels are cut and the
NCT or the laser machine is done with
its job they're moved over to a cleaning
machine that removes debris and if
needed polishes the exterior of the
panels for outward facing paneling we
asked if this machine had a particular
name because the Chinese characters for
the station simply called it the rubbing
area which wasn't that helpful that's
still better than when Coolermaster took
us to its screw class to be fair this
equipment is used to clean the exterior
of panels with water and friction
on the first pass through the machine
water is cycled over the panel to remove
looser debris leftover from the cutting
process and the second pass uses rollers
that can move sides aside or simply spin
front to back depending on what's being
made these are basically fine grit
Sanders and they have to be changed
every three days to keep the necessary
grit for the panel finished water runs
across the surface of the panel the
whole time that it's being sanded down
so that the senate away particles can be
collected and brought away from the
final product all of this debris is
brought down to a bucket at the bottom
of the machine the bucket has several
filters in it and it cleans and recycles
the water to the extent possible and
reuse it in the machine
cleanly eventually has to purge or
refill this to keep things operational
because there's some natural evaporation
over time or some loss from some of the
spray another alternative path for the
panels rather than going this route
might be to go over to the bending
station for internal chassis walls the
bending machines are loaded with a
bending stabilizer and a blade each with
a precise angle cut into it for guidance
of the bend this allows Lian Li to tweak
steel panels into the correct shape for
interior cased components like
motherboard trays and networking
equipment although this can be automated
and is automated in most factories in
China including ones Lee Ann Lee works
with Lee only here uses a manual process
for its Taiwan facility that's because
this Factory is more of a boutique shop
that spins up for more limited quantity
projects or projects that might need
rapid or regular changes like it's
networking clients who need to make
regular fast changes to their cases that
means cost is higher for the customer
but that turnaround time is
significantly faster and changes are
easier to be applied since programming
and tooling aren't required for every
single step of the way also there's some
logistical advantage if it's in Taiwan
for companies that might assemble the
rest of the product here that concludes
our tour of how raw materials are turned
into case panels we have more steps of
this process and others coming up like a
video on how the panels are painted and
coated but you can also check our
factory tour playlist below for more
videos in this series we've previously
covered two other case factories in
depth where you can find some of the
most impressive automated factories
we've seen many of
in a way Joe or Schengen and that's as a
good counterpart to this more manual
shop based approach subscribe for more
as always support us via at patreon.com
slash gamers Nexus or store document
sexist on net to help us out with these
expensive tours and factory coverage and
we'll see you all next time
[Music]